# Note: This project is now obsolete.

#### Instead, please use the forked & revived [btcrecover](https://github.com/3rdIteration/btcrecover) -- which now supports SegWit!



-------------------------------------------


# Pass phrase tester for BIP39 SegWit-P2SH wallets

A script which can be used for SegWit bitcoin wallet recovery.

This script assumes you know the [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki) seed phrase for a p2wpkh-in-p2sh (aka [BIP49](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0049.mediawiki) segwit defined by the [BIP32](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki) path: `m/49'/0'/0'`) wallet, but have forgotten part of the password.  Works with Trezor-style wallets.  Each test wallet takes approximately 1 second currently, so only makes sense to use if you have no other option or if you think you can guess the password with few tries.

## Requirements (tested with Python 3.7.0):

    virtualenv env
    source env/bin/activate
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

## Configuration

Open `test-pw.py` to configure with your wallet info.

Replace these values with yours:

* `SEED_WORDS` (eg 'final round trust era topic march brain envelope spoon minimum bunker start')
* `POSSIBLE_ADDRESSES` (eg ['3QZWeXoFxk3Sxr2rZ7iFGLBqGuYny4PGPE', '34xSpck4yJ3kjMWzaynKVFmzwY7u3KjoDC'])
* `NUM_OF_ADDRESSES_TO_GENERATE` (eg 5)

Then open [passwords.txt](passwords.txt) and add your passwords guesses (one per line).
I recommend using [btcrecover](https://github.com/gurnec/btcrecover) to generate thousands or millions of possibilities.

You can use something like this to create many passwords with the `--listpass` option:

    btcrecover.py --listpass --tokenlist tokens.txt --typos-delete --typos-swap --typos-repeat --typos-case --typos-capslock --typos 2 --utf8 > passwords.txt

You'll have to create your own `tokens.txt` with tokens / patterns which you believe match your password.


## Usage

Script will generate virtual wallets with your `SEED_WORDS` + the password guesses, then generate as many addresses as configured in `NUM_OF_ADDRESSES_TO_GENERATE` and then check if any of the addresses generated matches any address in `POSSIBLE_ADDRESSES`.  You can run this command to see an example with the defaults:

    cat passwords.txt | python3 test-pw.py


You can of course do fancy shell stuff like this to prefix every password with an `@` symbol:

    cat passwords.txt | sed 's/\(.*\)/@\1/' | python3 test-pw.py


### Multiple threads

The script itself is not multi threaded, so if you have 16 cores that you want to saturate, you need to make 16 different `passwords.txt` files and run 16 instances of this script.

## FAQ

### Does it work?

YES!  This script has already been used to recover a wallet containing 1 bitcoin, so it has already paid its dues  :-)

### Can I use this if I don't know any of the addresses?

No, unfortunately you must know 1 or more addresses generated by the wallet, otherwise the tool would be too slow to use.  If you know the first address (index zero `0` of the first account `0`) this will be fastest search.

### Does it support bech32 native SegWit wallets?

No, unfortunately these wallets (path: `m/84'/0'/0'`) are not supported.  It would be _possible_ to add support by grabbing code from Electrum though. Pull Requests welcome.

### Can this help me recover a wallet where I don't know the seed phrase?

No, unfortunately this software does not support that functionality.  If you know part of the seed phrase (especially the last part) you _might_ be able to brute force it as the last word is a checksum indicating you have all the other words correct.

### TODO:

* Allow passing parameters for wallet on commandline.
* Optimize!  Code (copied from Electrum tests) is very slow for this purpose.


## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

This project was assembled with code taken from Electrum; those are Copyright © The Electrum Developers under the MIT License
